Added rendering system-related questions to bug issue template (#3)
gazebosim/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

      - [ ] running remotely (e.g. via SSH)
      - [ ] running in a cloud
      - [ ] using VirtualGL, XVFB, Xdummy, XVNC or other indirect rendering utilities
      - [ ] GPU is concurrently used for other tasks
        - [ ] desktop acceleration
        - [ ] video decoding (i.e. a playing Youtube video)
        - [ ] video encoding
        - [ ] CUDA/ROCm computations (Tensorflow, Torch, Caffe running)
        - [ ] multiple simulators running at the same time
      - [ ] other...
    - Rendering system info:
      - On Linux, provide the outputs of the following commands:
          ```bash
          LANG=C lspci -nn | grep VGA  # might require installing pciutils
          echo "$DISPLAY"
          LANG=C glxinfo -B | grep -i '\(direct rendering\|opengl\|profile\)'  # might require installing mesa-utils package
          ps aux | grep Xorg
          sudo env LANG=C X -version  # if you don't have root access, try to tell the version of Xorg e.g. via package manager
          ```
      - On Windows, run `dxdiag` and report the GPU-related information.
      - On Mac OS, open a terminal and type `system_profiler SPDisplaysDataType`. Copy the output here.

>         <!-- Please note that GUI rendering is not supported on Mac OS since Ignition Fortress. -->

Reviewer: It's never been supported. What changes in Fortress is that Ogre2 sensors won't work either.

```suggestion
        <!-- Please note that GUI rendering is not supported on macOS. -->
```

>     - [ ] Please, attach the ogre.log or ogre2.log file from ~/.ignition/rendering <!-- attach, do not copy-paste it in the text of the issue;

Reviewer: Small formatting suggestion:

```suggestion
    - [ ] Please, attach the ogre.log or ogre2.log file from  `~/.ignition/rendering` <!-- attach, do not copy-paste it in the text of the issue;
```

How about providing a collapsible to place the log inside instead of asking to attach. For example:

<details><summary>Ogre log</summary>
<p>

```
# Paste log here
```

</p>
</details>

Author: Good idea. Collapsible added.
